1. Earlier General reconciliation in the system is done by using only one Unique key which in short just used to search over to the other file and then do the reconciliation based on the rules. But now i want the General reconciliation should have a feature of logics. 
e.g.

ID | Name of company | Date | Amount
ABC123 | Facebook | 07/08/2026 | Rs. 50,026

Now instead just only like traditional way where we use ID column to search in other file to look for the item and do the recon of Amount. The system at time of selecting the Unique Key column should also optionally gives a field where user can establish an advance reconciliation Rule like (ID(Unique Key), [Name of Company, Date] selected along with Unique Key) Unique Key will remain "ID" but Think if ID is slitly wrong and system could find it usually it transfers it to not found field but here the system will check more conditions as per the rule wheather Name of Company is matched with any other field with exact date and if it founds then sees whether Unique Key difference is significant if not so significant then Don't send it to not found rather than reconcile it but gives the disclaimer for it so that user can identify such entries to correct it or make sure logic is correct by RecliQ.

2. On the page where user uploads the documents to be reconciled, after uploading it gives the option to select the sheet which user wants to reconcile but it allows only one sheet to be reconciled at once. If user wants to reconcile all the sheets then system should intelligently asks in next step - which sheet is going to be reconciled against which sheet just like how we establish rules for in reconciliation not it's also for sheets user can go for 1 sheet against 1 or 1 against 2 or 2 against 1 or 2 against 2 however he wants and then Rules for that particular sheets should also be asked in the exact same manner in "Column mapping" stage and asks for column mapping for all sheets (sheet by sheet for no confusion) in one page so that all the logic should be given at once and not repeatedly by pressing next or continue. The resulted Report for that multiple sheet reconciliation should also be different from ordinary one. We can do that the overall structure of the report will remain same but in each sheet of report instead of only one table of reconciliation there will be multiple tables (No. depends on how many sheet by sheet recon rules has been created ) from left to right. and the last dashboard will show the results as usual but an additional button will be there which will do the work of next or previous so that user can see each result sheet by sheet reconcile.

3. Also Add a feature to upload multiple excels or files which are acceptable at once in each field (File 1 - File 2) So and the same logic of sheet by sheet reconciliation explained above will be done with excel(file) by excel(file) in the same manner but the only difference will be at the end of the reconciliation at the results dashboard each excel by excel reconcile should be treated as a seperate reconciliation and a seperate report for that should be created. and on download link instead of downloading one excel a Zip file of all the reports will be downloaded and user can see the results. rest everything will remain same. but ofcourse any feature which has to be changed with regards to these upgraded features should show the change as well.

4. Write now Reconciliation using "Dates" as the Unique Key of difficult because system doesn't understands different ways of writing dates like 07/09/2026 is same as 7th september 2026 or 7th Sept 2026 or 07-09-2026 etc. therefore if it is presents in different ways it moves that item into "Not Found" area. Instead it should understand the different structure and reconciles it. And Also Make system aware of one thing If only "Date" is selected as a "Unique Key column" Ask User to select another column along with it to make a strong rule for finding and reconciling otherwise recliQ will just consolidate all the similar dates and gives the difference Instead along with date it should strictly check whether the column user has provided is also same or not. And while reconciling Check similar "Date" then in all those Similar Dates check whether the selected column value is also same or not if not then "Not Found" if same then do the reconciliation. Because on the same date multiple transactions can happen and not all are of same nature. if user doesn't select any other column along with Date then do the reconciliation normally as it happens.